docs: recommend creating KiloClaw bot Google account inside Workspace domain (#8749)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/kiloclaw/end-to-end.md

1. **Create a Google Account for your Claw** — Go to [google.com](https://www.google.com/) and create a new Google/Gmail account dedicated to your KiloClaw. Something like `yourname.bot@gmail.com` works well.

>    {% callout type="tip" title="Google Workspace users" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% callout type="tip" title="Google Workspace users" %}
```

> If your organization uses Google Workspace, consider creating the dedicated bot account inside your Workspace domain (e.g., `claw@yourcompany.com`) rather than as a standalone `@gmail.com` account. A Workspace-managed account benefits from your organization's admin policies, makes calendar sharing and internal collaboration seamless, and avoids external-sharing friction that free Gmail accounts can encounter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses Google Workspace, create the dedicated bot account inside your Workspace domain (e.g., `claw@yourcompany.com`) rather than as a standalone `@gmail.com` account. 

A Workspace-managed account benefits from your organization's admin policies, making configuration easier.
```

>    If your organization uses Google Workspace, consider creating the dedicated bot account inside your Workspace domain (e.g., `claw@yourcompany.com`) rather than as a standalone `@gmail.com` account. A Workspace-managed account benefits from your organization's admin policies, makes calendar sharing and internal collaboration seamless, and avoids external-sharing friction that free Gmail accounts can encounter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses Google Workspace, consider creating the dedicated bot account inside your Workspace domain (e.g., `claw@yourcompany.com`) rather than as a standalone `@gmail.com` account. A Workspace-managed account benefits from your organization's admin policies, makes calendar sharing and internal collaboration seamless, and avoids external-sharing friction that free Gmail accounts can encounter.
```

>    {% /callout %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% /callout %}
```
